docs: work around upstream bun bug (#34792)
nuxt/nuxt: docs/1.getting-started/02.installation.md

```

```bash [bun]

> bunx nuxi@latest init <project-name> -t v3

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# you can use this when https://github.com/oven-sh/bun/issues/29087 is resolved
# bun create nuxt@latest <project-name> -t v3
bunx create-nuxt@latest init <project-name> -t v3
```
